[Music]
g'day guys thank you for all of your
awesome requests I'll be making a number
of them in coming episodes but today
it's one for AJ Space Jam 11 for some
mini burgers now I'm going to start by
making the rolls for these you will need
1 tbsp of melted butter 2 tablespoons of
beaten egg 120 mils of lukewarm water
240 grams of white flour now use a good
strong bread flour for this 1/4 teaspoon
of salt 1/2 a tbsp of sugar and a
teaspoon of dried yeast now to start off
just put the yeast and the sugar into
that water give it a quick stir together
and set it aside in a warm place for
half an hour this will get the yeast
going and what we're looking for here is
that foam on top so it's time to make
the rest of our dough so add the salt
into the flour followed by the egg the
melted butter
[Music]
the yeast sugar and water mix then
combined well and knead it until the
dough smooth this will take about ten or
so minutes
[Music]
then cover it in a lightly flour
container and leave it in a warm place
to rise for about an hour now this is
enough dough to make 20 or 25 of these
so I'm just using half of it here today
of course you can use this mixture to
make normal-sized bread rolls too so
roll out that dough until it's about 3/4
of a centimeter thick and what I'm doing
here is using a melon baller to cut out
these mini disks from it they're about
an inch or so in diameter then brush
with a bit of egg wash and sprinkle over
some sesame seeds
[Music]
now I've got the barbecue setup for
indirect cooking 180 degrees Celsius
cook with the lid down of course use
your oven if you like and these will
take 8 to 10 minutes to cook and these
are delicious to eat on their own as
well so now for the rest of the burger
200 grams of beef mince here I've got
some bacon which are cut into squares
some cheese slices which are also cut
into squares some mini roma tomatoes
which are sliced some rocket and some
barbecue sauce of course use whichever
condiments you like now I'm just giving
this beef a light seasoning with some
salt and pepper mix it together well and
then between two sheets of baking paper
gently roll it out until it's about 1/2
centimeter thick and once that's done
put it into the freezer for about 20
minutes and this will help it all hold
together now to cut out the burgers I'm
just using a glass here you can use a
small cookie cutter if you like and you
want to cut them to a size that's about
a centimeter or two larger in diameter
then your rolls because these will
shrink as you cook them then simply cook
the bacon and the burgers on a medium
hot barbecue plate
[Music]
and when they're about half done just
place those slices of cheese onto the
burgers followed by the squares of bacon
and cook it until it melts and now to
assemble the burgers so cut one of those
mini rolls in half put the burger cheese
and bacon on top followed by a bit of
that barbecue sauce a cherry tomato a
bit of rocket the top button and stick a
toothpick through it now repeat this
process for all of your mini burgers now
serve them to your guests or eat them
yourself these are absolutely awesome
guys be sure to give them a go drop me a
comment below and tell me what is your
favorite entertaining finger food check
out my other videos and subscribe for
regular updates thanks for watching and
I'll catch you all next time
[Music]